negative A man displayed a gun during an argument with a group of mostly Somali-American teenagers at a McDonald’s in Minnesota after he wrongly suggested they were using welfare assistance to pay for their food, members of the group said. The confrontation with the man, which was partly captured on a video that has been widely circulated on Twitter, occurred on Monday at a McDonald’s restaurant in Eden Prairie, Minn., a suburb southwest of Minneapolis, and ended without any shots fired or injuries sustained.On Wednesday, the Eden Prairie police arrested Lloyd Edward Johnson, 55, under probable cause for second-degree assault, the city said in a statement. Mr. Johnson was being held at the Hennepin County Adult Detention Center. Joyce Lorenz, a spokeswoman for the city, said on Thursday that the Hennepin County attorney would decide whether to file any charges.negative A man displayed a gun during an argument with a group of mostly Somali-American teenagers at a McDonald’s in Minnesota after he wrongly suggested they were using welfare assistance to pay for their food, members of the group said. The confrontation with the man, which was partly captured on a video that has been widely circulated on Twitter, occurred on Monday at a McDonald’s restaurant in Eden Prairie, Minn., a suburb southwest of Minneapolis, and ended without any shots fired or injuries sustained.On Wednesday, the Eden Prairie police arrested Lloyd Edward Johnson, 55, under probable cause for second-degree assault, the city said in a statement. Mr. Johnson was being held at the Hennepin County Adult Detention Center. Joyce Lorenz, a spokeswoman for the city, said on Thursday that the Hennepin County attorney would decide whether to file any charges.negative A man displayed a gun during an argument with a group of mostly Somali-American teenagers at a McDonald’s in Minnesota after he wrongly suggested they were using welfare assistance to pay for their food, members of the group said. The confrontation with the man, which was partly captured on a video that has been widely circulated on Twitter, occurred on Monday at a McDonald’s restaurant in Eden Prairie, Minn., a suburb southwest of Minneapolis, and ended without any shots fired or injuries sustained.On Wednesday, the Eden Prairie police arrested Lloyd Edward Johnson, 55, under probable cause for second-degree assault, the city said in a statement. Mr. Johnson was being held at the Hennepin County Adult Detention Center. Joyce Lorenz, a spokeswoman for the city, said on Thursday that the Hennepin County attorney would decide whether to file any charges.negative A man displayed a gun during an argument with a group of mostly Somali-American teenagers at a McDonald’s in Minnesota after he wrongly suggested they were using welfare assistance to pay for their food, members of the group said. The confrontation with the man, which was partly captured on a video that has been widely circulated on Twitter, occurred on Monday at a McDonald’s restaurant in Eden Prairie, Minn., a suburb southwest of Minneapolis, and ended without any shots fired or injuries sustained.On Wednesday, the Eden Prairie police arrested Lloyd Edward Johnson, 55, under probable cause for second-degree assault, the city said in a statement. Mr. Johnson was being held at the Hennepin County Adult Detention Center. Joyce Lorenz, a spokeswoman for the city, said on Thursday that the Hennepin County attorney would decide whether to file any charges.negative A man displayed a gun during an argument with a group of mostly Somali-American teenagers at a McDonald’s in Minnesota after he wrongly suggested they were using welfare assistance to pay for their food, members of the group said. The confrontation with the man, which was partly captured on a video that has been widely circulated on Twitter, occurred on Monday at a McDonald’s restaurant in Eden Prairie, Minn., a suburb southwest of Minneapolis, and ended without any shots fired or injuries sustained.On Wednesday, the Eden Prairie police arrested Lloyd Edward Johnson, 55, under probable cause for second-degree assault, the city said in a statement. Mr. Johnson was being held at the Hennepin County Adult Detention Center. Joyce Lorenz, a spokeswoman for the city, said on Thursday that the Hennepin County attorney would decide whether to file any charges.